hello girls and boys today we will teach you
how to grow the hair of the eyebrows
with a couple of homemade recipes this is a
information video before performing
any treatment or natural remedy
consult your doctor there
people who can make allergic to
some natural eyebrow ingredients
complete our facial look as it is
an important characteristic of the face
too thin eyebrows eclipse the
beauty of a person one of the
benefits of thick eyebrows is that
you can style your form
desired given that the products based
in chemicals can damage the
skin and eyes here are some ways
natural resources to help you grow
eyebrows 1 castor oil this is a
old remedy to thicken the eyebrows
you can find oil
castor easily in many stores this
Cheap remedy is easy to use should
put some castor oil in the
fingers and apply them to your eyebrows before
to lie down wash in the morning
you will see changes in 3 - 4 weeks 2
Vaseline Vaseline is effective for
make your eyebrows bold and thick the
conditions and hydrates them too that their
Eyebrow hair stays straight and
firm apply a small portion to your
eyebrows 3 - 4 times a day and you'll see
positive results in the next 3
3 months the coconut oil to obtain
bold eyebrows you can use oil
coco This helps speed up the process
hair growth and promotes the
thick hair growth apply
directly to your eyebrows and leave all the
night 4 onion juice try to apply
the fresh onion juice on your
eyebrows to stimulate the growth of
new hair the onions contain a
high amount of sulfur that helps
increase circulation apply juice
and leave it for an hour and then wash with
water 5 drink water the water is good for
your overall health helps eliminate
all the toxic substances of his
body through urine
start drinking at least 8 to 10
glasses of water every day this
will improve your body system and improve
6 hair growth massage should
massage the eyebrows as it is a big
way to improve the growth of the
eyebrow massaging the area around your
eyebrows with olive oil for 5
daily minutes this will increase the
blood circulation in that area and
soon you will see positive results 7 aloe
You will see the excess of hair removal from
eyebrows is one of the reasons for the
slow growth of eyebrows a
solution to increase growth is
aloe vera crush the leaves and
massage the gel juice over your eyebrows
so they grow faster 8 milk
Did you know that milk can help
make bold and thick eyebrows pour
a little milk in a cotton ball
and apply it to your eyebrows before going to the
Milk bed will nourish your eyebrows and
will help your growth you will see a
remarkable change 9 weide vitamins
this is important since it affects the
internal organs and their physical appearance
consume foods rich in vitamins by
d to improve the growth of
hair this will help increase the
eyelashes and eyebrows were able to
combating the harmful effects of
products based on chemicals like
mascara and strong eyeliner 10
avoid lotions and over crash
when we apply the cream or lotion to
face often apply to our
eyebrows while we cover the face this does not
proper care must be done
you must take to avoid using the
cream bar lotion on your eyebrows since
the chemicals can damage the
Eyebrow hair follicles and stop
the growth can eliminate the cream
with a cotton ball but it's better
avoid that area
note do not use peppermint oil on your eyebrows
girls and boys if they know any
hair treatment with oil
Olive please do not forget
Share them in the comments
thanks for watching the video subscribe to
channel and share the video